Journal log to keep my sanity in check:

***** sends so many fucking reels that he is top 21 of the most used words with a count of 3943 im fucking crying

ok so version 1 is absolutely horrendous
apparently it likes repeating words since there is the (edited) tag which i need to clean up from the dataset
its hella dumb saying stuff like and i quote

>fuck do you do in your life

>>nothing
>>its just a hobby

>say something fun

>>you said you dont know anything about me
>>this is your first time talking to me

very fun person to talk to it seems 

>can you talk about something interesting

>>the world is a cruel place
>>there are so many people who are not human
>>i cant be human anymore
>>im in deep sleep (edited)

originally the first version was trained on a shit ton of data which is probably all messed up with a lot of filler
there were also edited tags that keps fucking up everything
next test will be reducing the dataset to only some converstations instead of all of them, fix the edited, and maybe increase the length of the messages,
also also maybe reduce the time to reply or split since the ai talks too much nonsense.

smth smth reduced dataset to only include relevant convos, reduced lora rank by half and running 4 batches speeds up training a lot
may want to reduce the dataset even further by increasing the length of the output and also try to remove any duplicate patterns later on.

V2 is still training however i saw some more issues plague the dataset which is the call messages (fuck)
next version will change that again and it also looks like training is plateau-ing at 2.4-2.3 so eh

edited learning rate scheduling just in case since it probably has a lot of data to go through
forgot to edit system prompt kill me

version 2 seems more stable so the data cleaning really helped a lot however i did notice there are some repeating patterns that needs to be fixed,
also it repeats some phrases a bit too much to my taste might have to check the data again.

THIS BITCH JUST DIDNT REPLY TO ME IM CRYING

V2.5 so far is being trained on only 1 chat and it has reached a mean token accuracy of 100% what the fuck :sob: its only at 37% training

V2.5 didnt perform well enough it acts too normal. it did take however some traits of my character

onto V2.6 (fuck naming conventions) changed the dataset to include more shorter responses since i believe these are the ones that hold more value and included only the recent ones by 1 year
also changed the rank of the lora from 4 to 8 since it was changed to 4 before which i believe wasnt enough to hold all the info
so far training is steady wth a loss of 0.8 and a mean token acc of 0.85 which is pretty good ngl
also reduced the system prompt somewhat. and now im realising it wouldve been a good idea to track the progress here with git but oh well what else can you do

V2.6 went back to being too lobotomized. the data is to blame ngl.
V2.65 will have a different sample with longer messages and capped at 1000 characters or more and 2 year old messages

for v2.65 its actually performing quite well for the dataset being only 1 dm. it seems like longer messages have been yielding better results
promising to train it on a bigger dataset later on. also i figure using discord dms will have more substance to them too.
also some redundancy appears to happen from time to time. gotta check the dataset again.

for V3 ill probably straight up use an llm to judge if it makes sense. 